README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/openscilab/mybutton/raw/main/otherfiles/logo.png" width="500" height="350">
    <br/>
    <br/>
<a href="https://reactjs.org/">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/react-black?logo=react&style=for-the-badge" alt="React" style="height: 24px;">
</a>
<a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/">
  <img src="https://shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?logo=TypeScript&logoColor=FFF&style=flat-square" alt="TypeScript" style="height: 24px;">
</a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/T2VzhzqU67">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1064533716615049236.svg" alt="Discord Channel" style="height: 24px;">
</a>
</div>

## Overview

MyButton is an open-source project that streamlines the process of sharing links to your preferred online services. It provides a user-friendly interface that allows users to seamlessly share content with just a few clicks. MyButton takes care of the technical aspects. Depending on the chosen service, it might:

-   Redirect you directly to the platform with the link pre-populated.
-   Generate sharable buttons embedded with your link. Clicking these buttons redirects users to the chosen service.

## Supported services

| Service name | Support  |
| ------------ | -------- |
| Email        | &#x2705; |
| Gmail        | &#x2705; |
| Telegram     | &#x2705; |

## Issues & bug reports

Just fill an issue and describe it. We'll check it ASAP! or send an email to [mybutton@openscilab.com](mailto:mybutton@openscilab.com 'mybutton@openscilab.com').

-   Please complete the issue template

You can also join our discord server

<a href="https://discord.gg/T2VzhzqU67">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1064533716615049236.svg?style=for-the-badge" alt="Discord Channel">
</a>

## Show Your Support

<h3>Star this repo</h3>

Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you!

<h3>Donate to our project</h3>

If you do like our project and we hope that you do, can you please support us? Our project is not and is never going to be working for profit. We need the money just so we can continue doing what we do ;-) .

<a href="https://openscilab.com/#donation" target="_blank"><img src="https://github.com/openscilab/mybutton/raw/main/otherfiles/donation.png" height="90px" width="270px" alt="mybutton Donation"></a>

Commit message:

Minor fix (#44)
* release date updated in `CHANGELOG.md`

* new services added to `README.md`

* `WhatsApp` name updated

* update README.md file

---------

Co-authored-by: AHReccese <amirhssin6rst@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/openscilab/mybutton/raw/main/otherfiles/logo.png" width="500" height="350">
    <br/>
    <br/>
<a href="https://reactjs.org/">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/react-black?logo=react&style=for-the-badge" alt="React" style="height: 24px;">
</a>
<a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/">
  <img src="https://shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?logo=TypeScript&logoColor=FFF&style=flat-square" alt="TypeScript" style="height: 24px;">
</a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/T2VzhzqU67">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1064533716615049236.svg" alt="Discord Channel" style="height: 24px;">
</a>
</div>

## Overview

MyButton is an open-source project that simplifies the process of sharing links of your preferred online services. It provides a user-friendly interface that allows users to seamlessly share links with just a few clicks. MyButton takes care of the technical aspects. Depending on the chosen service, it might:

-   Forward users to the chosen platform with the link already populated for easy sharing.
-   Generate sharable buttons embedded with your link. Clicking these buttons redirects users to the chosen service.

You can choose to forward users either directly to the platform or through the MyButton gateway for added flexibility.

✨ Easily fork MyButton to create a custom link-sharing experience tailored to your brand, and deploy it smoothly on GitHub Pages.

## Supported services

| Service name | Support  |
| ------------ | -------- |
| Email        | &#x2705; |
| Gmail        | &#x2705; |
| Telegram     | &#x2705; |
| WhatsApp     | &#x2705; |
| X            | &#x2705; |

## Issues & bug reports

Just fill an issue and describe it. We'll check it ASAP! or send an email to [mybutton@openscilab.com](mailto:mybutton@openscilab.com 'mybutton@openscilab.com').

-   Please complete the issue template

You can also join our discord server

<a href="https://discord.gg/T2VzhzqU67">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/1064533716615049236.svg?style=for-the-badge" alt="Discord Channel">
</a>

## Show Your Support

<h3>Star this repo</h3>

Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you!

<h3>Donate to our project</h3>

If you do like our project and we hope that you do, can you please support us? Our project is not and is never going to be working for profit. We need the money just so we can continue doing what we do ;-) .

<a href="https://openscilab.com/#donation" target="_blank"><img src="https://github.com/openscilab/mybutton/raw/main/otherfiles/donation.png" height="90px" width="270px" alt="mybutton Donation"></a>
